# New SOC and Importing From JSON Using API, and Further Thoughts

I'm back working on the project, and the classes.usc.edu is no longer a static page; it's a dynamic page that uses angular.js, it looks like. On the downside, that means I can't easily scrape it without consuming more resources to simulate a browser (likely using Selenium or something similar), but looking at the Network tab shows a list of API calls that output JSON files with all of the details. There unfortunately isn't a unified call that includes all of the details of every course in a term, but there's enough to be able to create entries to insert into a database. I'll need to remove some unnecessary fields from the JSON or only input necessary fields into the database.

Furthermore, looking at how USC structures their class system gives some more insight into how I might populate the fields and change my database. There's a few things that are no longer implied in text (i.e. the D in the section ID meaning D-Clearance, and it instead has a T/F field), but the issues I had with departments and courses changing are still present, as this is only a list of courses, and does not take into account the necessity that checking out courses have (i.e. prereq checking with courses that replace a prerequisite).

Also, USC uses something called "Simple Syllabus" to store syllabi now, and I was thinking of potentially scraping that as well; however, that would be a lot of calls in a short amount of time, and would also require me to authenticate with my USC login, so that's potentially something to worry about later.

Essentially, what's left to do is to parse these JSON files, and decide how exactly we're going to deal with courses changing their CRS_ID, but still being the same course; I likely will create a new field to indicate which course it's inheriting from instead (and there might be something like that already built in, as USC has a message like "Course duplicates credit previously found in X").
